Update to **playtest_beta**
*This is 0.6.0 finally..yay*

**We've begun porting Hammer to Qt**
This will allow us to rapidly iterate on the UI and port hammer to other platforms, like Linux. Additionally, Hammer will finally have proper theming, text anti-aliasing and hi-dpi support. 
The upgrade will be incremental- right now only the "run map normal", "about" and some file open dialogs use Qt, the rest are still MFC or VGUI. As time goes on, more and more of the UI will be replaced with Qt. 
If you value hammer stability, **please** use an old branch of P2CE. There will be bugs during the porting process, but it's a necessary step to take. 

A note for windows 7 and 8 users: Keep in mind that the end is near! We're using Qt 6.2.0 right now, which *does not officially support old versions of windows*, so please at least consider upgrading to Windows 10 or 11 (or Linux lol). For now, we've reverted the commits to Qt Base that removed Win7+8 support, but we're not going to keep maintaining a Qt fork as that's a huge undertaking. 

**Changelist:**
- Initial Hammer Qt support
- The panorama debugger now works on Linux (Thanks to the hard work by @BLT)
- Added "StaticPropLighting" "StaticPropPolys" and "TextureShadows" options to the "Run Map Normal" dialog
- Removed the "HDR" option from the "Run Map Normal" dialog
- DX10+ shaders can now be compressed using ZSTD. This should save some space when we recompile shaders.
- Added a discord/steam rich presence API for panorama
- Added a legacy gameui rich presence system 
- prop_button's timer is now infinite when set to -1 
- Added ILDPRUT's collision fixes to help prevent wallbugs 
- Marked a bunch of previously unprotected cvars as FCVAR_CHEAT
- Adhesion gel is now green!!!!!!!!!!!

**Misc things:**
- Updated Steam SDK
