**LINUX USERS:**
You will need a vulkan capable GPU starting now. 🦀 ToGL is gone forever 🦀 
We've made sure to test P2CE on RADV (AMD's mesa vulkan drivers), ANV (Intel's mesa vulkan drivers) and on the proprietary Nvidia driver. I've confirmed that it works on my laptop with an intel HD 4000 iGPU and with a shitty $25 AMD gpu from 2015, so pretty much everyone's hardware should be supported. 
Please note that AMDVLK has **NOT** been tested, so it may not work. 
**There's also a bug with RESZ depth resolve which can cause graphical glitches, setting `mat_resolveFullFrameDepth` to 0 fixes these at a slight performance cost**

**WINDOWS USERS:**
Windows 7, 8 and 8.1 may not work properly! There's currently a bug on dx11 that breaks windows 7 support, a fix is pending for that.
Nobody on our team does testing on these older versions of windows, so things may break periodically. If we encounter an issue that is too difficult/time consuming to patch, we may end up dropping support for the old windows version it affects completely. 
This isn't because we don't like windows 7, 8 or 8.1, it's because nobody on either P2CE's team or momentum's team is running them. There's also some difficulty with DX versions on Windows 7 specifically (such as dxgi 1.2 being the max dxgi version on 7)

**Another note for linux users:**
If you're running on AMD or Intel, make sure you have mesa and mesa's vulkan drivers installed! 
On Arch the packages are called `mesa` and `vulkan-radeon` or `vulkan-intel` (Make sure to install the correct one for your GPU)
On Debian-based distros the package is called `mesa-vulkan-drivers`  (This should install mesa as well)
